Write A Recurrence Relation For Running Time Function For The Merge Sort
Sort A List Of Numbers Using Points And Print The Numbers In Sorted Order.
A doctor would like to know if women tend to get less sleep than men. He took a random sample of 100 of his male patients and 100 of his female patients and asked them how many hours of sleep they got per night. The women reported sleeping an average of 6.75 hours with a standard deviation of 1.5 hours, while the men reported sleeping an average of 7.5 hours with a standard deviation of 1.25 hours. Based on this sample data at 5% significance, do men get more sleep. than women do, on average?
Ten students were surveyed to determine how many hours they spent watching tv each week. Their answers are listed below. 2 2.5 5 5 5 6 6.5 8 8 10
Download "Ergonomics Guide for Working from Home" from https://pei.or.id/archives/680 where you can find directions regarding the benefits of ergonomics, issues of work from home, sports, to the keys to the success of WfH Ergonomics. a. Which topic caught your attention and you started implementing it in your WfH activities? b. Identify the problems you have been facing that made you think or believe, that your chosen activity is a solution for your ergonomic problem during WfH
Part C: Human Inheritance Background Most inherited human characteristics result from the interaction of a number of genes, but quite frequently, the variation in the nature of only one gene produces a characteristic that gives two distinct phases of expression. Insofar as possible, you should determine your phenotype (expression of the characteristic) and your genotype (genetic makeup) for each trait listed in this exercise. When you show a dominant characteristic, it is not possible to determine whether you carry two genes for this trait and are homozygous dominant or whether you carry one dominant and one recessive gene and are heterozygous. For instance, albinism is a characteristic that results when a person has two recessive alleles (aa). If you are not an albino, you may have the genotype AA or Aa. Record each potential genotype in Table 16.2 as you analyze your personal phenotypes. Procedure: Determine your phenotype and possible genotypes for the following characteristics and record data in Table 16.2 in the "Phenotype" and "Genotype" columns Dominal (OP. Dd) Table 16.2 Recessive (6) PHENOTYPE GENOTYPE NAME OF TRAIT 1. Attached ear lobes 2. Widow's peak no no yes 3. Tongue roller 4. Hitchhiker's thumb 5. Bent little finger no no no yes 6. Long palmar muscle 7. Pigmented iris of the eye no 8. PTC taster 9. Thiourea taster yes Yes no 10. Mid-digital hair 11. Freckles 12. Hair form -curly or wavy no 10 13. Long eyelashes 14. Second finger is shorter than the fourth finger no no 1. Attached Ear Lobes. In most people, the ear lobes hang free (E), but when a person is homozygous for a certain recessive gene (e), the ear lobes are attached directly onto the side of the head so that there is no lobe hanging free. Utilizing a mirror or with the help of your classmates, determine your phenotype for this characteristic and tabulate it on the worksheet. You will find considerable variation in the size and appearance of the lobes of those who have them. This is due to other genes, and you should concentrate only on the presence or absence of lobes in this study Unattached Attached 2. Widow's Peak. In some people, the hairline drops downward and forms a distinct point in the center of the forehead. This is known as a widow's peak. It results from the action of a certain dominant gene (W). Determine your phenotype by examining your front hairline for a widow's peak or a continuous hairline(w). (You will have to skip this tabulation if a gene for baldness has had its effect at the front of the head.) Widow's Peak
Should cybersecurity be taught at universities in the business management department or taught as a subdiscipline in the computer science department?
Me-Tube manufactures bodysuits. The demand function for their suits is x = f(p) = 750 – 2p The demand f(p) is the number of suits that can be sold at a price of p dollars. a. What is the rate of change in demand at a price of $200.00 per suit? suits per dollar Preview b. What is the relative rate of change in demand at a price of $200.00 per suit? Write your answer as a percent rounded to 2 decimal places. % suits per dollar Preview
For the beam and loading shown, P=78 kip, L=12 ft, E=31x106 psi. Determine the slope and deflection at C. P B A D I С, S12 x 35 P KL/ 3L/3-7L/3 Superposition principle If we superpose the solution for the statically derminate beam into (1)+(II) P P B B B A D_ A D A C С, FL/ 3L/ 3L/3 → -L/ 3L/ 3L/3 L/ 3L/3 ( (1) (II (a) () is case 5 in App. F (b) (II) is case 5 in App. F Slope and deflection for (!) For (1), (a) the deflection at C is given as 067486 (in) (1) (b) the slope (angle) at Cis 88 (degree) o
A student is taking a true-false exam with 10 questions. Assume that the student guesses at al 10 questions. Use the accompanying tables to complete parts a through e. Click the icon to view the binomial distribution table for p=0.5 and n=10. Click here to view page 1 of the normal table. Click here to view page 2 of the normal table Click here to view page 3 of the normal table. Click here to view page 4 of the normal table a. The student gets either five or six six answers correct. The probability the student gets either five or six answers correct is (Round to four decimal places as needed) b. The student gets between two and six answers correct, inclusive The probability the student gets between two and six answers correct, inclusive is (Round to four decimal places as needed) c. Approximato the probabilities in parts (a) and (b) by aroas under a normal curve. Compare your answers Select the correct choice below, and, if necessary, fill in the answer box to complete your choice. O A Using the normal approximation to the binomial distribution, the probability the student gets either five or six answers correct is approximately (Round to four decimal places as needed) O B. The normal approximation to the binomial distribut Select the correct choice below, and, if necessary, fill in the answer box to complete your choice • A Using the normal approximation to the binomial distribution, the probability the student gets between two and six answers correct, inclusive is approximately (Round to four decimal places as needed.) OB. The normal approximation to the binomial distribution cannot be used Compare your answers. Choose the correct answer below. OA. The normal approximation for parta is not approximately equal, while the normal approximation for part b is approximately equal to the exact binomial probability, OB Both probabilities using the normal approximation are not within 1% of the exact binomial probabilities OC. Both probabilities using the normal approximation are approximately equal to the exact binomial probabilities OD The normal approximation for part an is approximately equat, while the normal approximation for part is not approximately equal to the exact binomial probability O E. The normal approximation to the binomial distribution cannot be used ribution cannot be used
